you
and in the seventh month on the first
day of the month you shall have a holy
convocation you shall do no customary
work for you it is a day of blowing the
trumpets you shall offer a burnt
offering there's a sweet aroma to the
Lord
one young born one Ram and seven lambs
in their first year without blemish
their grain offering shall be fine flour
mixed with oil three tenths of an ephah
for the bowl two-tenths for the RAM and
one tenth for each of the seven lands
also one kid of the goats as a sin
offering to make atonement for him
besides the burnt offering with its
grain offering for the new moon the
regular burnt offering with its grain
offering and their drink offerings
according to their ordinance as a sweet
aroma an offering made by fire to the
Lord on the tenth day of this seventh
month you shall have a holy convocation
you shall afflict your souls you shall
not do any work you shall present a
burnt offering to the Lord as a sweet
aroma one young ball one Ram and seven
lambs in their first year be sure they
are without blemish their grain offering
shall be a fine flour mixed with oil
three tenths of an ephah for the bull
two tenths for the one ram and one tenth
for each of the seven lambs also one kid
of the goats as a sin offering
besides the sin offering for atonement
the regular burnt offering with its
grain offering and their drink offerings
on the fifteenth day of the seventh
month you shall have a holy convocation
you shall do no customary work and you
shall keep a feast to the Lord seven
days you shall present a burnt offering
an offering made by fire as a sweet
aroma to the Lord
thirteen young bulls two Rams and 14
lambs in their first year there shall be
without blemish their grain offering
shall be a fine flour mixed with oil
three tenths of an ephah for each of the
13 balls two-tenths for each of the two
Rams and one-tenth for each of the 14
lambs also one kid of the goats as a
sin-offering
besides the regular burnt offering its
grain offering and its drink offering on
the second day present 12 young bulls
two rounds 14 lambs in their first year
without blemish and their grain offering
and their drink offerings for the balls
for the Rams and for the lambs
by their number according to the
ordinance also one kid of the goats as a
sin-offering besides the regular burnt
offering with its grain offering and
their drink offerings on the third day
present 11 balls two Rams 14 lambs in
their first year without blemish and
their grain offering and their drink
offerings for the Bulls for the Rams and
for the lambs by their number according
to the ordinance also one goats as a sin
offering besides the regular burnt
offering its grain offering and its
drink offering on the fourth day present
10 balls two Rams and 14 lambs in their
first year without blemish and their
grain offering and their drink offerings
for the balls for the Rams and for the
lambs
by their number according to the
ordinance also one kid of the goats as a
sin offering besides the regular burnt
offering its grain offering
and it's drink offering on the fifth day
present nine bulls two Rams and 14 lambs
in their first year without blemish and
their grain offering and their drink
offerings for the Bulls for the Rams and
for the lambs by their number according
to the ordinance also one goat as a
sin-offering
besides the regular burnt offering its
grain offering and its drink offering on
the sixth day present eight balls two
Rams and fourteen lambs in their first
year without blemish and their grain
offering and their drink offerings for
the balls for the Rams and for the lambs
by their number according to the
ordinance also one goat as a sin
offering besides the regular burnt
offering its grain offering and its
drink offering on the seventh day
present seven bulls two Rams and
fourteen lambs in their first year
without blemish and their grain offering
and their drink offerings for the balls
for the Rams and for the lambs by their
number according to the ordinance also
one goat as a sin-offering
besides the regular burnt offering it's
grain offering and it's drink offering
on the eighth day you shall have a
sacred assembly you shall do no
customary work you shall present a burnt
offering an offering made by fire as a
sweet aroma to the Lord
one ball one ram seven lambs in their
first year without blemish and their
grain offering and their drink offerings
for the bull for the RAM and for the
lambs by their number according to the
ordinance also one goat as a sin
offering besides the regular burnt
offering its grain offering
and it's drink offering these you shall
present to the Lord at your appointed
feasts besides your vowed offerings and
your free will offerings as your burnt
offerings and your grain offerings as
your drink offerings and your peace
offerings so Moses told the children of
Israel everything just as the LORD
commanded Moses